Hello again!
Previously, we learned about
built-in functions in Python.
Built-in functions come standard
with every version of Python and
consist of functions such as print(),
type(), max(), and many more.
To access additional pre-built functions,
you can import a library.
A library is a collection of
modules that provide code users can
access in their programs.
All libraries are generally
made up of several modules.
A module is a Python file that
contains additional functions,
variables, classes, and
any kind of runnable code.
Think of them as saved Python files
that contain useful functionality.
Modules may be made up of small and
simple lines of code or
be complex and lengthy in size.
Either way, they help save programmers
time and make code more readable.
Now, let's focus specifically
on the Python Standard Library.
The Python Standard Library
is an extensive collection of
usable Python code that often
comes packaged with Python.
One example of a module from the Python
Standard Library is the re module.
This is a useful module for
a security analyst when they're tasked
with searching for patterns in log files.
Another module is the csv module.
It allows you to work
efficiently with CSV files.
The Python Standard Library also
contains glob and os modules for
interacting with the command
line as well as time and
datetime for working with timestamps.
These are just a few of the modules
in the Python Standard Library.
In addition to what's always available
through the Python Standard Library,
you can also download external libraries.
A couple of examples are Beautiful Soup
for parsing HTML website files and
NumPy for arrays and
mathematical computations.
These libraries will assist you
as a security analyst in network
traffic analysis,
log file parsing, and complex math.
Overall, Python libraries and
modules are useful because they provide
pre-programmed functions and variables.
This saves time for the user.
I encourage you to explore some of the
libraries and modules we discussed here and
the ways they might be helpful
to you as you work in Python.